# pandas-challenge
Module 4 Homework 

To complete this pandas challenge I again referenced the module 4 solved activities for a number of key aspects of blocks of code.  Starting with connecting jupyter Notebook to this working folder for the challenge.  I kicked off this assingment by doing that directly in Terminal for good practice to be always directing through Terminal.  The modules activites were a great reference I used the first activities in the module for the count funcitons <nunique> to count the number of unique values in the slected column.  The same goes for the <drop_duplicates> funciton.  Also the modules were a great help when building a dataframe as the syntax can be tricky.  Example is on code block [10] the <pd.DataFrame> function was taken from the modules but most importantly the syntax stucture of the dataframe <(, {, [>  specifically when calling the varibles to populate the columns.  The difference is shown in code block [60] where I was calling in variables for columns and wanted the entire column so the syntax did not require the brackets.  Lastly an example of using the modules was in code block [61] i referenced the <ascedning=False> learned in one of the module 4 activities.  I did reference chatgpt for syntax help with key code blocks [64, 66].  To help with syntax errors i was encountering (), and [], missplacements durring the <.groupby> function lines of code.  I also used more recent module 5 activities on code block [67] for bins, and <pd.cut>, for code block [69].  I followed the same as described above for both "Scores by School Spending", and "Scores by School Size" as they follow the same steps.  Finally I want to also note I met with classmates Angelina Murdock, and Jennifer McDaniel to review our code.  